## High Level Overview 
Our goal was to implement a simple decision tree with weights to allow the bot to make decisions based on the current environment as enabled by having perfect information. 

Our bot is capable of gathering minerals, extracting gas, constructing buildings, and spawning workers and attack units. Our bot is set to carry out a strategy known as a 5-Pool build order in the beginning, so that we can take advantage of the early-game potential and advantages that Zergs have. The build order is explained below in a later section. A 5-pool is a build where you build a spawning pool nearly immediately but not as soon as possible. The decision tree will have an alternate path that chooses a more defensive strategy if the enemy looks like they will have a faster rush or quicker defenses than our rush can manage. We anticipate most of the opponents to choose a slower build. Our goal with this fast strategy is weaken the opponent's economy by primarily attacking their workers and their buildings--this is also known as a Zerg Rush.

The Zerg specific resource we need to account for is control. Zerglings, Drones, and buildings consume control and overlords produce it. Initially we have 4 control, the fastest version of a rush strategy, a 4-pool goes right into a spawning pool as soon as enough minerals are generated. A 5-Pool is not as risky as a 4-Pool, in that we can keep our own economy balanced by maintaining a drone gathering minerals and obtaining needed resources as we’re spawning in Zerglings. As soon as we have six they attack. We use the extra resources to spawn another Overlord and four additional Zerglings to reinforce our initial attack. During this early game period we also work towards an extractor. 

If the game does not end at that point, we do a tech switch and begin moving to an economy strategy. If we went with the 4-pool this shift would be much more challenging but because we went with the slightly more conservative strategy and will be carefully managing our control this will work. After the extractor is done we’re able to upgrade the spawning pool to a Hydralisk den. We hope to outpace our opponent in reaching our 2nd tier unit because of the damage we inflict early game, even if we’re not able to effectively eliminate them. Hydralisks have the advantage of being more versatile and less micro focused than Zerg’s other 2nd tier units. By the mid game we expect to attack with Zerglings and Hydralisks. The Hydralisks will allow us to break through the intensive defenses we would expect to be built to counter our earlier rush. Then we hope to finish the game before reaching late game when Zergs have less of an advantage.
